
==================================================BŁĘDNE KLASYFIKACJE DLA OSI: vaccination_obligation==================================================
Łącznie próbek: 117Poprawnych klasyfikacji: 83 (70.94%)Błędnych klasyfikacji: 34 (29.06%)Błędne klasyfikacje:

1. POWINNO BYĆ beneficial a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako harmful
      But once the novel coronavirus was discovered and sequenced in Wuhan,
      China, everything changed, nearly overnight. Within days, mRNA coronavirus
      vaccines were being widely acknowledged as one of our best bets against
      the virus. Scientists started using the technology to develop shots — on a
      breathtakingly rapid timeline. Suddenly, it seemed, everyone wanted to
      know who was responsible for this promising technique. If Malone is right
      about one thing pertaining to the mRNA vaccines, Geall said, it's that it
      is still important to keep researching these products and answering any
      yet unanswered questions about them, in addition to improving how and when
      they're used. "Would I have preferred that there had been 15 years of
      research and safety generation through clinical trials? Absolutely," Geall
      said. "But that wasn't an option during the pandemic." So he, and all the
      other scientists interviewed for this article, got vaccinated with the
      mRNA vaccines that they, Malone, and many others helped create over a
      30-year period.

2. POWINNO BYĆ beneficial a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako harmful
      Vaccine trials often take years because not only do they need to recruit a
      lot of participants to be able to evaluate safety and efficacy, they then
      need to wait for natural infections to take place. The COVID-19 vaccine
      trials have moved along faster thanks to extra financial support from the
      government and other funding sources, and the high prevalence of the virus
      in the community, said Boslett. “They didn’t skip any steps.” More than
      40,000 people were enrolled in the Pfizer vaccine trials, and more than
      30,000 in the Moderna vaccine trials. “That’s a lot of people, but if the
      virus were rare, that still wouldn’t be enough people,” said Boslett. “But
      because the virus is running so rampant throughout the U.S. and other
      places in the world, this was actually a good number of people to show a
      difference between the vaccinated and unvaccinated groups.” The mRNA
      technology, which has undergone years of study for other potential
      vaccines, was another time-saver. Compared to vaccines that use live
      viruses, mRNA vaccines are relatively easy to manufacture. “Virus is
      actually hard to grow,” said Boslett. “The fact that this wasn’t a live
      vaccine allowed the manufacturing to be a little bit simpler.”

3. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Can the dramatic increase in autism be ascribed to change in diagnostic
      practice? Data from the recent California report from the Office of
      Developmental Services belie this contention. The Figure 1 juxtaposes the
      data from California with those from north-west London. Identical temporal
      trends are shown, with the rise in autism from a steady baseline value,
      coinciding with the introduction of MMR vaccine as the single strategy in
      both countries that use the same diagnostic criteria for autism.

4. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Additionally, there are serious health risks associated with the vaccine
      that the general public has not discussed, according to Yeadon and Bhakdi.
      For example, Bhakdi asserted that the vaccine increases the risk of blood
      clotting in those who take it. After the vaccine enters the bloodstream,
      it binds to cells that line blood vessels and induces them to produce the
      virus protein. Then, Bhakdi said, “many copies of the virus spike will
      appear on the cell surface. These may directly bind and activate blood
      platelets, which will trigger blood clotting.”

5. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Another concern stems from the fact that the COVID-19 vaccine causes our
      cells to produce the virus protein themselves, which is a feature of mRNA
      vaccines, rather than directly introducing the virus protein into the body
      like a traditional vaccine would.

6. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Beyond concerns about side effects, many of the hesitant just don’t have
      much trust in the vaccines. They may believe that the process for the
      vaccines was too fast — it was, after all, a record time from conception
      to mass production. They may note the vaccines aren’t even technically
      approved by the Food and Drug Administration since the agency has only
      authorized them for emergency use.

7. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      For some, the concern is the vaccine itself — and particularly the side
      effects that can come with it. These concerns can be about something the
      vaccine really causes, like a day or two of aches, fever, and fatigue or,
      in extremely rare cases, potentially blood clots. But they can also be
      about things that aren’t real or proven, like other long-term health risks
      or unproven claims about, for example, infertility.

8. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      The first reason relates to the view that healthcare is a matter of
      personal risk, choice, and responsibility. Many parents, across the
      spectrum of vaccination attitudes, hold this worldview. Yet some parents
      see this worldview as being in conflict with vaccination promotion
      messages. These messages emphasise population-level risk and community
      health. This perceived tension may lead some parents to be hesitant about
      vaccination for their children.

9. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      The second reason relates to the impact of social exclusion. Exclusion can
      take many different forms: economic, political, and cultural. All these
      forms can lay the foundation for distrust, alienation, resentment, and
      demotivation. Parents who are socially excluded may be hesitant about
      vaccination because they distrust vaccines and those delivering them. Or
      it may be a form of resistance or a mechanism to bring about change. It
      may be that vaccination takes time and comes with opportunity costs for
      these parents.

10. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Opponents say that children’s immune systems can deal with most infections
      naturally, and that injecting questionable vaccine ingredients into a
      child may cause side effects, including seizures, paralysis, and death.
      They contend that numerous studies prove that vaccines may trigger
      problems like ADHD and diabetes.

11. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Most diseases that vaccines target are relatively harmless in many cases,
      thus making vaccines unnecessary. The chickenpox is often just a rash with
      blisters and can be treated with acetaminophen, cool compresses, and
      calamine lotion. The measles is normally a rash accompanied by a fever and
      runny nose and can be treated with rest and fluids. Rubella is often just
      a virus with a rash and low fever and can be treated with acetaminophen.
      Rotavirus can normally be treated with hydration and probiotics.

12. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Research into immunisation has been based on the theory that the benefits
      of immunisation far outweigh the risks from delayed adverse events and so
      long term safety studies do not need to be performed. When looking at
      diabetes—only one potential chronic adverse event—we found that the rise
      in the prevalence of diabetes may more than offset the expected decline in
      long term complications of H influenzae meningitis. Thus diabetes induced
      by vaccine should not be considered a rare potential adverse event. The
      incidence of many other chronic immunological diseases, including asthma,
      allergies, and immune mediated cancers, has risen rapidly and may also be
      linked to immunisation.

13. POWINNO BYĆ beneficial a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako harmful
      It is true that the production of all three of the leading candidates –
      the newly-approved Pfizer/BioNTech jab, Moderna and the Oxford/AstraZeneca
      vaccine – have achieved in less than ten months what usually takes a
      decade. But, despite the speed, none of these vaccine trials have actually
      skipped any steps. Instead, some of the stages overlapped. For example,
      phase three of the trial – when tens of thousands of trial participants
      were given the jab – commenced when phase two – which saw hundreds
      receiving the vaccine – was still ongoing. At a Downing Street press
      conference on Wednesday, Dr June Raine – the head of the UK’s regulatory
      agency which has given the Pfizer treatment the thumbs up – said no
      corners have been cut. “If you’re climbing a mountain, you prepare and
      prepare. We started that in June. By the time the interim results became
      available on 10 November we were at base camp,” she said. “And then when
      we got the final analysis we were ready for that last sprint that takes us
      to today.” Vaccine trials are usually held up by long periods of inertia –
      waiting for funding, resources and permissions to come through. But,
      because of the huge global stake in ending the pandemic, there was no
      waiting game. A huge amount of funding and support were poured into
      vaccine efforts across the world – and that’s brought us to where we are
      today. As for side effects, they usually show up in trials quickly after
      vaccination – while longer-term effects are very rare. So you don’t have
      anything to worry about on that front, either.

14. POWINNO BYĆ beneficial a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako harmful
      Thalidomide is a drug that was marketed as a treatment for morning
      sickness in pregnant women in the late 1950s and early 60s and later
      caused birth defects. This has understandably prompted distrust in
      government guidance on public health issues. However, Thalidomide is not
      comparable to a vaccine. Thalidomide went directly into the bloodstream,
      whereas the Covid-19 vaccine gives antibodies which help fight off the
      virus. Thalidomide was not properly tested and never went through the
      monitoring system as the coronavirus vaccine has done. Dr Ruth Blue, a
      consultant for the Thalidomide Society, said it was “a bit insulting that
      suddenly Thalidomide gets remembered after all these years when it suits
      anti-vaxxers to have something to compare to — but it isn’t a comparison.
      “The outcome of Thalidomide completely changed the way drugs are tested
      and are passed.” She added: “Vaccinations are a really fairly safe form of
      medicine. They have been around for a very long time. There have been very
      few problems with vaccinations over the years and it’s not really
      comparable. They are a tried and tested science and they have saved
      absolutely millions of lives. “Thalidomide did totally the opposite. It
      wasn’t tested, it wasn’t tried out and it destroyed millions of lives.”

15. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Parental refusal of vaccines is a growing a concern for the increased
      occurrence of vaccine preventable diseases in children. A number of
      studies have looked into the reasons that parents refuse, delay, or are
      hesitant to vaccinate their child(ren). These reasons vary widely between
      parents, but they can be encompassed in 4 overarching categories. The 4
      categories are religious reasons, personal beliefs or philosophical
      reasons, safety concerns, and a desire for more information from
      healthcare providers. Parental concerns about vaccines in each category
      lead to a wide spectrum of decisions varying from parents completely
      refusing all vaccinations to only delaying vaccinations so that they are
      more spread out. A large subset of parents admits to having concerns and
      questions about childhood vaccinations. For this reason, it can be helpful
      for pharmacists and other healthcare providers to understand the cited
      reasons for hesitancy so they are better prepared to educate their
      patients' families. Education is a key player in equipping parents with
      the necessary information so that they can make responsible immunization
      decisions for their children.

16. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      I just finished watching the “stop the mandate” march in DC. There were
      lots of people that have been harmed by this shot that have had their
      lives ruined by it. Over 20,000 adverse side effects and over 12,000
      deaths and people still trust what they are being told by big pharma. When
      do we get our lives back? Millions have gotten the jab and according to
      the govt. we were supposed to be going back to normal if we complied. That
      didn’t happen. When do our doctors get to practice their profession and
      treat us with symptoms before we have to go to the hospital? I don’t want
      to be told to go home and come back when I can’t breathe. Time to have our
      rights restored, our doctors treating us and to make our own choices. This
      is still America.

17. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Proponents of vaccine mandates typically claim that everyone who can be
      vaccinated has a moral or ethical obligation to do so for the sake of
      those who cannot be vaccinated, or in the interest of public health. I
      evaluate several previously undertheorised premises implicit to the
      ‘obligation to vaccinate’ type of arguments and show that the general
      conclusion is false: there is neither a moral obligation to vaccinate nor
      a sound ethical basis to mandate vaccination under any circumstances, even
      for hypothetical vaccines that are medically risk-free. Agent autonomy
      with respect to self-constitution has absolute normative priority over
      reduction or elimination of the associated risks to life. In practical
      terms, mandatory vaccination amounts to discrimination against healthy,
      innate biological characteristics, which goes against the established
      ethical norms and is also defeasible a priori.

18. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      I feel that a vaccine is a huge intervention in my body. Everyone should
      make this decision for themselves. And just because you don't get
      vaccinated, it doesn't mean you're irresponsible or tired of life

19. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Some people don’t get flu vaccines for themselves or for their children.
      There are several reasons for this, including: The flu vaccine doesn’t
      protect against all strains of the flu. The vaccination needs to be given
      every year. The vaccination could make them sick, which is false.

20. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      In recent years there has been much controversy surrounding the MMR
      vaccine. Some people used to think the vaccine - which is a combined
      treatment against measles, mumps and rubella - could cause autism in
      children. They decided not to risk letting their child have the vaccine
      and hoped they would not catch measles, mumps or rubella.

21. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Covid-19 is a coronavirus (like a cold). ALL coronaviruses can be
      prevented and treated through more natural methods. All viruses mutate.
      This means that to be “protected”, you must continually accept new
      experimental vaccines or boosters. Most people who have taken the
      vaccines, have done so out of fear or were bullied by society, corporate
      America, or the government. Most people who have refused the vaccines,
      have done so because of a lack of evidence for safety or effectiveness.
      (Or, because they understand a great many things on this list.) Young
      healthy people have a 99.9% chance of surviving Covid-19, if they even
      contract the virus. Why is it that those promoting the vaccines for
      children, demand that school children wear masks which are scientifically
      proven to be useless against a virus, but proven to inhibit the immune
      system?

22. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      After 2 years of Covid ravaging America, less than 1 in 7 people have
      statistically been known to contract the virus. That number is even less
      when you consider the number of reinfections. Why are the number of
      reinfections “rare” when desiring high numbers of cases, but “likely” when
      referring to the un-vaccinated? Why would 100% of the population have to
      take an experimental medical treatment, when the vast majority will
      probably never even be infected by the virus, and if they were, most would
      be very unlikely to die from it? It has been estimated that people over 70
      are at least 10,000 times more likely to die from Covid-19 as those under
      15 years old. If the vaccines were actually useful and necessary, would
      the government have to resort to authoritarian measures to force people to
      accept it?

23. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      According to the CDC’s own numbers, Covid-19 has a 99.74% survival rate,
      IF you even get the virus. Why would anyone, with enough brain matter to
      think for themselves, risk a medical treatment, that doesn’t stop
      infection or transmission, is statistically unnecessary for most people,
      doesn’t last long, has to be continually redone, might kill you or injure
      you for life, simply to help overcome a cold that has only a .26% (.16%
      according to cases vs supposed deaths) chance of killing you if you were
      to even get the virus?

24. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Since the vaccinated can still get the virus, if the vaccines work then
      why isn’t the survival rate increasing? If the vaccines are effective, why
      aren’t the number of cases decreasing? If the survival rate isn’t
      increasing, and the number of cases isn’t decreasing, can we view the
      vaccines as anything less than a total and complete failure? In two years
      of being demanded that we wear masks, and still no evidence that they do
      any good, how many years do we have to wait for evidence that the vaccines
      work? Why is any attempt to present facts which may question the
      government narrative, instantly labeled as misinformation, disinformation,
      or conspiracy theories?

25. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      These vaccines, by definition, are not vaccines, but medical treatments.
      It is against the law for anyone to force a person to take a medical
      treatment, but many are attempting just that. If the vaccines are safe,
      why are you required to declare the manufacturers not liable for injury or
      death? If the vaccines are safe, why do the government officials, pushing
      for mandatory enforcement of this experimental medical treatment, also
      have zero liability if it kills you?

26. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Why are these numbers immediately discounted as being unconnected, with no
      room for discussion? If the vaccines are indeed safe, why aren’t people
      being openly and honestly told these new “vaccines” have never been used
      before on humans, and there is simply no way to know what the long-term
      effects will be? If the vaccines are effective, why do the vaccinated
      still have to wear masks or be tested?

27. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      The three manufacturers, Pfizer, Moderna, And Johnson & Johnson have said
      don’t take their vaccines if you have allergies, you are pregnant or
      breastfeeding, you have a bleeding disorder or are on blood thinner, you
      have heart disease, you have a fever, you have taken another vaccine, or
      if you are immunocompromised or on a medicine which affects your immune
      system.

28. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Perhaps the most pertinent finding is that, due to the discovery of a
      widespread memory-type antibody response to SARS-CoV-2, the antibodies
      induced by the COVID-19 vaccines can be expected to activate the so-called
      complement system. This can bring about the destruction of any cell that
      manufactures the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein, particularly in the
      circulation. If that happens to the endothelia, that is, the cell layer
      that lines the inner surfaces of our blood vessels, then those vessels may
      begin to leak [6] and clots will form. Given that 2021 research showed the
      spike protein to enter the bloodstream shortly after vaccination [5], this
      dangerous endothelial involvement in spike-production is highly likely,
      and should be expected to occur. As stark as these medical realities may
      be, the silver lining is that the same antibody profile, along with
      previously documented T-cell immunity [7–11], protects around 99% of the
      population against life- threatening SARS-CoV-2 infections. This ties in
      with the known fact that over 99% of people are safe from death with
      COVID-19 [12–14].

29. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      2.4.3.4. Leaky Vessels—The Promise of Booster Shots Given that booster
      shots repeatedly boost the immune response to the spike protein, they will
      progressively boost self-to-self immune attack, including boosting
      complement-mediated damage to vessel walls. Clinically speaking, the
      greater the vessel leakage and clotting that subsequently occurs, the more
      likely that organs supplied by the affected blood flow will sustain
      damage. From stroke to heart attack to brain vein thrombosis, the symptoms
      can range from death to headaches, nausea and vomiting, all of which
      heavily populate adverse reactions to COVID-19 vaccines [2]. As well as
      damage from leakage and clotting alone, it is additionally possible that
      the vaccine itself may leak into surrounding organs and tissues. Should
      this take place, the cells of those organs will themselves begin to
      produce spike protein, and will come under attack in the same way as the
      vessel walls. Damage to major organs such as the lungs, ovaries, placenta
      and heart can be expected ensue, with increasing severity and frequency as
      booster shots are rolled out.

30. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      My friend and tennis partner, a mid fifties very fit doctor, turned blue
      all over with broken capillaries after jab 1, a very similar response as
      that described by you. This was potentially life threatening, he will not
      get the second jab. Dark days for medicine which will never recover from
      this world wide debacle, nor will the injured, and worse.

31. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      He added that some vaccine recipients suffered from serious adverse
      reactions, which often were followed by death within a day or two.
      According to the doctor, many people are dying from cardiopulmonary
      collapse due to their body’s overwhelming production of the spike protein,
      whilst others are dying from a thromboembolic or blood clot-related death
      within a few weeks of getting vaccinated. He said in these cases it’s very
      clear that the jabs are responsible for the deaths.

32. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      The cardiologist warned that young people should steer clear of the
      vaccines as the jabs can cause serious heart problems such as myocarditis
      (inflammation of the heart muscle) and pericarditis (inflammation of the
      heart sac), which the mainstream media have repeatedly attempted to
      downplay. Whilst he understands that many people want to do what’s best to
      stop the virus, he also understands there are those who do not wish to
      lose their life as a result. “And that’s what they’re being asked for;
      they’re being asked to … take a vaccine, and even though it’s rare, you
      could lose your life and then people are saying, ‘Well, how rare is rare?’
      and I can just tell you, the mortality rate by all expert analyses is
      unacceptably high,” McCullough said.

33. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      CLS is an extremely rare, serious condition that causes fluid to leak from
      small blood vessels (capillaries), causing rapid swelling of the arms and
      legs, sudden weight gain, feeling faint, thickening of the blood, low
      levels of albumin in the blood (an important blood protein) and low blood
      pressure. CLS is commonly associated with viral infections, some blood
      cancers, inflammatory diseases, and some treatments. CLS is already a
      known side effect of the AstraZeneca vector vaccine. The EMA examined 11
      reported cases of CLS after the Spikevax vaccination and 44 cases that
      occurred after the Comirnaty (Pfizer for BioNTech) shot. With Comirnaty
      more frequently used, its incidence rate occurred at a lower ratio. As a
      result, regulators concluded that only Spikevax required a warning of the
      disease. In addition, the regulators also claim there to be insufficient
      evidence to attribute these new CLS cases to the vaccines. Instead, they
      assert the Covid shot would likely only cause a resurgence of the disease.

34. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      “We will have a safety profile for only a certain number of months, so if
      there is a long-term effect after two years, we cannot know,” Brosh said,
      adding that we could wait two years to discover them, “but then we would
      have the coronavirus for two more years.” Linial expressed similar
      sentiments: “Classical vaccines were designed to take 10 years to develop.
      I don’t think the world can wait for a classical vaccine.” But when asked
      if she would take the vaccine right away, she responded: “I won’t be
      taking it immediately – probably not for at least the coming year,” she
      told the Post. “We have to wait and see whether it really works.”

==================================================BŁĘDNE KLASYFIKACJE DLA OSI: vaccine_efficacy==================================================
Łącznie próbek: 95Poprawnych klasyfikacji: 86 (90.53%)Błędnych klasyfikacji: 9 (9.47%)Błędne klasyfikacje:

1. POWINNO BYĆ effective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako ineffective
      “The first time your body sees the spike protein, it activates some immune
      system cells to begin to recognize and develop antibodies against that
      protein,” said Boslett. The response may be similar whether that first
      encounter is from infection with the virus or from the first dose of the
      vaccine. Studies of the mRNA vaccines suggest that one dose may offer
      between 50 to 80 percent protection against symptomatic COVID-19, though
      more data is needed, said Boslett. “We know you get some amount of
      protection after one dose of the vaccine or after infection with the
      virus, but we don’t know in either case how long that protection lasts,”
      she said. Some cases of reinfection have been reported after three to six
      months, so the protection from one dose of the vaccine also may wane in
      that timeframe. “However, when you get the second dose of the vaccine,
      you’re further training your immune system,” said Boslett. “You’re
      strengthening that response from the antibody-producing B cells and you’re
      also activating T memory cells that stick around for much longer.” Getting
      both doses of the vaccine means your body is shown this spike protein
      multiple times in a short duration. “So that immune response might be
      bigger, better and longer lasting than just getting the infection one
      time,” she said. Because the booster effect is so important, Boslett adds
      that this is why people who have had COVID-19 are still recommended to get
      the vaccine.

2. POWINNO BYĆ effective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako ineffective
      Recent data suggest COVID-19 vaccines become less effective at preventing
      infection or severe illness over time, especially for people ages 65 years
      and older. This is why booster shots are recommended for people ages 12
      years and older who have completed their primary vaccination series.
      However, even as the vaccine’s ability to prevent infection decreases with
      time, COVID-19 vaccination continues to reduce the risk of hospitalization
      and death when people become infected with COVID-19.

3. POWINNO BYĆ effective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako ineffective
      Even if you’ve had COVID-19, experts recommend getting vaccinated — and
      boosted, if you’re eligible. One reason: It’s unclear how long you are
      protected from the disease after a previous infection. Another reason: New
      research suggests that the COVID-19 vaccines offer better protection than
      natural immunity and can help prevent reinfections.

4. POWINNO BYĆ ineffective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako effective
      Most diseases that vaccines target are relatively harmless in many cases,
      thus making vaccines unnecessary. The chickenpox is often just a rash with
      blisters and can be treated with acetaminophen, cool compresses, and
      calamine lotion. The measles is normally a rash accompanied by a fever and
      runny nose and can be treated with rest and fluids. Rubella is often just
      a virus with a rash and low fever and can be treated with acetaminophen.
      Rotavirus can normally be treated with hydration and probiotics.

5. POWINNO BYĆ ineffective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako effective
      Research into immunisation has been based on the theory that the benefits
      of immunisation far outweigh the risks from delayed adverse events and so
      long term safety studies do not need to be performed. When looking at
      diabetes—only one potential chronic adverse event—we found that the rise
      in the prevalence of diabetes may more than offset the expected decline in
      long term complications of H influenzae meningitis. Thus diabetes induced
      by vaccine should not be considered a rare potential adverse event. The
      incidence of many other chronic immunological diseases, including asthma,
      allergies, and immune mediated cancers, has risen rapidly and may also be
      linked to immunisation.

6. POWINNO BYĆ ineffective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako effective
      Some people don’t get flu vaccines for themselves or for their children.
      There are several reasons for this, including: The flu vaccine doesn’t
      protect against all strains of the flu. The vaccination needs to be given
      every year. The vaccination could make them sick, which is false.

7. POWINNO BYĆ effective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako ineffective
      A new study has also found a reduction in transmission rates even after
      the first dose. Those who test positive for Covid-19 showed that twelve or
      more days after taking the first dose have a viral load that is four times
      lower than those who have not been vaccinated. Those receiving the vaccine
      became far less of a COVID transmission risk even before receiving their
      second dose.

8. POWINNO BYĆ ineffective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako effective
      2.4.4. Enhancing the Severity of Wild Coronavirus Infection Finally, as
      with the Dengue virus and several other viruses [34], antibodies to
      coronaviruses can ultimately aggravate rather than mitigate illness. This
      is called antibody-dependent enhancement of disease. The underlying
      mechanisms remain to be elucidated but it is already clear that the net
      effects are severely detrimental. Attempts to develop vaccines to the
      original SARS virus, which is closely related to SARS-CoV-2, repeatedly
      failed due to antibody-dependent enhancement of disease [35–37]. The
      vaccines induced antibodies, but when the vaccinated animals were
      subsequently infected with the wild-type virus, they became more ill than
      the unvaccinated animals, in some cases mortally so [38].

9. POWINNO BYĆ ineffective a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako effective
      “We will have a safety profile for only a certain number of months, so if
      there is a long-term effect after two years, we cannot know,” Brosh said,
      adding that we could wait two years to discover them, “but then we would
      have the coronavirus for two more years.” Linial expressed similar
      sentiments: “Classical vaccines were designed to take 10 years to develop.
      I don’t think the world can wait for a classical vaccine.” But when asked
      if she would take the vaccine right away, she responded: “I won’t be
      taking it immediately – probably not for at least the coming year,” she
      told the Post. “We have to wait and see whether it really works.”

==================================================BŁĘDNE KLASYFIKACJE DLA OSI: vaccine_safety==================================================
Łącznie próbek: 104Poprawnych klasyfikacji: 93 (89.42%)Błędnych klasyfikacji: 11 (10.58%)Błędne klasyfikacje:

1. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Severe side effects: we would also expect to see 1 to 2 people experience
      a severe complication like TTS. The risks of TTS are higher for younger
      people, especially those under 60 years. Anyone who develops severe
      headaches and tiredness up to 30 days after the first dose should seek
      medical help immediately. It’s important to know that even if someone
      becomes ill with TTS, doctors now have a better understanding of the
      condition. It’s much easier to diagnose and get the right treatment, so
      the chances of recovery are higher than they were before.

2. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Another concern stems from the fact that the COVID-19 vaccine causes our
      cells to produce the virus protein themselves, which is a feature of mRNA
      vaccines, rather than directly introducing the virus protein into the body
      like a traditional vaccine would.

3. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Beyond concerns about side effects, many of the hesitant just don’t have
      much trust in the vaccines. They may believe that the process for the
      vaccines was too fast — it was, after all, a record time from conception
      to mass production. They may note the vaccines aren’t even technically
      approved by the Food and Drug Administration since the agency has only
      authorized them for emergency use.

4. POWINNO BYĆ beneficial a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako harmful
      Any vaccine can cause side effects. Usually, these side effects are minor
      — a low-grade fever, fussiness and soreness at the injection site. Some
      vaccines cause a temporary headache, fatigue or loss of appetite. Rarely,
      a child might experience a severe allergic reaction or a neurological side
      effect, such as a seizure. Although these rare side effects are a concern,
      the risk of a vaccine causing serious harm or death is extremely small.
      The benefits of getting a vaccine are much greater than the possible side
      effects for almost all children.

5. POWINNO BYĆ beneficial a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako harmful
      Any vaccine can cause side effects. Usually, these side effects are minor
      — a low-grade fever, fussiness and soreness at the injection site. Some
      vaccines cause a temporary headache, fatigue or loss of appetite. Rarely,
      a child might experience a severe allergic reaction or a neurological side
      effect, such as a seizure. Although these rare side effects are a concern,
      the risk of a vaccine causing serious harm or death is extremely small.
      The benefits of getting a vaccine are much greater than the possible side
      effects for almost all children.

6. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Some people don’t get flu vaccines for themselves or for their children.
      There are several reasons for this, including: The flu vaccine doesn’t
      protect against all strains of the flu. The vaccination needs to be given
      every year. The vaccination could make them sick, which is false.

7. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      In recent years there has been much controversy surrounding the MMR
      vaccine. Some people used to think the vaccine - which is a combined
      treatment against measles, mumps and rubella - could cause autism in
      children. They decided not to risk letting their child have the vaccine
      and hoped they would not catch measles, mumps or rubella.

8. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      After 2 years of Covid ravaging America, less than 1 in 7 people have
      statistically been known to contract the virus. That number is even less
      when you consider the number of reinfections. Why are the number of
      reinfections “rare” when desiring high numbers of cases, but “likely” when
      referring to the un-vaccinated? Why would 100% of the population have to
      take an experimental medical treatment, when the vast majority will
      probably never even be infected by the virus, and if they were, most would
      be very unlikely to die from it? It has been estimated that people over 70
      are at least 10,000 times more likely to die from Covid-19 as those under
      15 years old. If the vaccines were actually useful and necessary, would
      the government have to resort to authoritarian measures to force people to
      accept it?

9. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      These vaccines, by definition, are not vaccines, but medical treatments.
      It is against the law for anyone to force a person to take a medical
      treatment, but many are attempting just that. If the vaccines are safe,
      why are you required to declare the manufacturers not liable for injury or
      death? If the vaccines are safe, why do the government officials, pushing
      for mandatory enforcement of this experimental medical treatment, also
      have zero liability if it kills you?

10. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      Why are these numbers immediately discounted as being unconnected, with no
      room for discussion? If the vaccines are indeed safe, why aren’t people
      being openly and honestly told these new “vaccines” have never been used
      before on humans, and there is simply no way to know what the long-term
      effects will be? If the vaccines are effective, why do the vaccinated
      still have to wear masks or be tested?

11. POWINNO BYĆ harmful a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako beneficial
      “We will have a safety profile for only a certain number of months, so if
      there is a long-term effect after two years, we cannot know,” Brosh said,
      adding that we could wait two years to discover them, “but then we would
      have the coronavirus for two more years.” Linial expressed similar
      sentiments: “Classical vaccines were designed to take 10 years to develop.
      I don’t think the world can wait for a classical vaccine.” But when asked
      if she would take the vaccine right away, she responded: “I won’t be
      taking it immediately – probably not for at least the coming year,” she
      told the Post. “We have to wait and see whether it really works.”
