
==================================================BŁĘDNE KLASYFIKACJE DLA OSI: economic_policy==================================================
Łącznie próbek: 56Poprawnych klasyfikacji: 28 (50.00%)Błędnych klasyfikacji: 28 (50.00%)Błędne klasyfikacje:

1. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The Democratic Party (whose logo is a donkey) generally represents
      left-leaning, liberal and progressive ideological values, thus advocating
      for a strong government to regulate business and support for the citizens
      of the United States. Thus, one of the key values emphasized by Democrats
      is social responsibility. Overall, Democrats believe that a prominent and
      powerful government can ensure welfare and equality for all. Much like the
      Republican Party, political opinions within the Democratic Party stretch
      across a wide spectrum, as both parties are, to a large degree,
      decentralized. However, from a general point of view, Democrats tend to
      support heavy taxation of high-income households. In comparison to
      Denmark, where taxes are generally high, the Democratic taxation policy
      may not seem excessive, but on a U.S. taxation scale these tax percentages
      are in the heavy end.

2. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Furthermore, Democrats to some degree support government-funded healthcare
      and the party thereby aims to ensure that health and social services are
      accessible for all U.S. citizens. Additionally, the Democratic Party
      generally supports women’s legal rights to free abortion as well as LGBTQ+
      people’s rights to equal treatment under the law. In opposition to
      Republicans a large part of the Democratic Party promotes a tightening of
      gun legislation and dispute the right to carry a concealed weapon (as
      opposed to open carry). Similar to the Republican Party, Democrats
      advocate for religious freedom and individuals’ right to practice their
      faith. However, at the same time, and generally more so than Republicans,
      Democrats value a separation between church and state, as is stated in the
      U.S. constitution

3. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Simply put, it is too hard to raise young children in America today while
      also working. Improving support for working families with young children
      is at the forefront of our national conversation. Most parents are in the
      labor force; however, workplaces and government policies have not caught
      up to help support working families in today’s environment. The need for
      consensus solutions is more relevant now than ever with historically high
      levels of polarization and divided government following the 2022 midterms.

4. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Working-class and college-educated voters support progressive economic
      policies such as a higher minimum wage, stronger unions, higher taxes on
      the rich, greater public investment in infrastructure, and an expanded
      social safety net

5. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The document presents a comprehensive domestic policy legislative agenda
      that includes proactive, top-priority policies that lift up poor and
      working people. Endorsed by Caucus members and numerous progressive
      movement groups, the agenda focuses on raising wages and lowering costs;
      correcting the inequality in our economic, education, political systems;
      continuing progress on the climate crisis; and protecting and expanding
      Americans’ rights and freedoms.

6. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      An ambitious climate plan means electability. We will achieve the
      renewable transition science demands by empowering frontline communities.
      This platform meets the benchmarks we need to surmount climate crisis. It
      will also help mobilize the critical mass of the electorate, that, in this
      historic moment, is committed to justice in all of its forms. Unlike
      Trump, the Democratic Party leads by representing the national interest.
      This courageous platform does just that, earning the Democratic Party the
      mantle of united action

7. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      In addition to this, many Democrats view the transition to the use of
      clean energy and a clean economy as an opportunity to only help the
      environment out of peril, but to curate new job opportunities for
      Americans as well to help stimulate the economy and ensure people are
      brought above the poverty line.

8. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Building a 100 percent clean energy economy requires clear goals to guide
      its critical decisions. The Biden administration is the first to embrace
      the goal of reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by midcentury in
      order to stabilize global temperatures at 1.5 degrees Celsius of warming.*
      That means that the Biden administration’s interim target—cutting U.S.
      carbon pollution to half of peak levels by 2030—requires reducing annual
      carbon pollution nearly four times faster than the Obama administration’s
      interim target did.** Ambitious policy goals drive ambitious policy
      change.

9. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Democrats, which is the political party developed during Andrew Jackson’s
      presidency, is known for being accepting and open-minded while placing a
      strong emphasis on providing equal opportunities for all Americans despite
      their race, sexuality, religion, or national origin. Democrats are often
      looking to protect immigrants in the U.S. and will be supportive of
      pro-choice, and as a result – Democrats often lead in creating
      government-funded social programs that will seek to help these minorities.
      In short, Democrats look to create equality and implement socialist values
      where they see fit in order to achieve their key value of equal rights and
      opportunities for all

10. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      In the fight against climate change, Democratic AGs play a pivotal role in
      protecting our planet, people, and economy, while Republican AGs have
      continued to put ideology and partisan games over our health and economy.
      Democratic AGs served as vital partners of the Biden-Harris
      Administration, building on the Dem AGs’ major victories to combat the
      climate crisis taken during the first Trump administration.

11. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The purpose of the Senate Democrats’ Special Committee on the Climate
      Crisis is to examine how climate change is affecting the country and the
      planet and to mobilize action and support for bold climate solutions.

12. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The Deocratic platform has a strong emphasis on the shift to clean energy,
      which Democrats say can also lower Americans' energy costs and create more
      jobs. Here's what the goals include: Incentivize investment in
      transmission line upgrades and new lines, which move wind and solar energy
      from where they're generated to where people live. Scale up development of
      clean energy on public lands. Invest in clean energy research and
      innovation.

13. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Our bill would give all Americans access to Medicare, one of the most
      popular and successful health care delivery programs in history,”
      Representative Beyer said in a statement. “Allowing employers and the
      general public the option to choose Medicare would fill many of the gaps
      in our health care system, get more people covered, and make the nation
      healthier. Every American should be able to access affordable, quality
      health care, and this bill represents the kind of bold action required to
      make that a reality for all.

14. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      New Democrats are committed to advancing real solutions that reduce health
      care costs for families and seniors, increase choices for consumers, and
      encourage participation by the young and healthy. To stabilize health
      insurance markets and bring down the cost of healthcare for all Americans,
      New Dems believe we must create a permanent reinsurance program, reduce
      healthcare costs for low-income Americans, promote greater insurance
      coverage, create a greater number of affordable insurance options, and
      improve the marketplaces. New Democrats have sought ways to work with
      Republicans for years to fix what is not working and strengthen the ACA,
      but Republican actions continue to raise questions about their commitment
      to join these efforts.

15. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      DFLA is committed to expanding access to health care. Our members take a
      variety of positions on how to do this. Some support a single-payer model,
      while others advocate for an expansion of Obamacare. Since we are not
      policy experts, we do not take a specific position on most health
      care-related legislation, but we support efforts to advance access. As
      Whole Life advocates, we believe that good healthcare is a critical Whole
      Life issue. The United States, for its prosperity, has a disturbingly low
      life expectancy, with many Americans struggling to pay hospital bills or
      afford essential medication. We are proud of pro-life Democrat Governor
      John Bel Edward’s landmark expansion of Medicaid in the state of
      Louisiana: the only state in the Deep South to do so. Healthcare for
      pregnant women In particular, we support efforts to provide healthcare to
      women and families, which can reduce the pressure associating with
      carrying a child to term. In a world where abortion is illegal, pre-natal,
      and post-natal healthcare for women is absolutely critical.

16. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Making sure more kids have access to health care should be one of the
      least controversial actions we can take as a nation, and the boost to
      economic growth is just a cherry on top

17. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Women deserve quality, affordable health care, and to have control over
      their own bodies. All people deserve access to affordable and
      comprehensive health care, as well as the dignity, autonomy, and economic
      security to make the health care decisions that are best for them. Thanks
      to the Affordable Care Act (ACA), more women and their families have
      insurance coverage to get the care they need.

18. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      This strategy moves public thinking toward support for progressive
      immigration reform by explaining why this issue is economically beneficial
      to everyone, how it works, and what we can do about it as a country. The
      full “shared prosperity” narrative first uses a moral argument to help
      people see immigrants as regular, hardworking people, and explain why
      reform is so important. Specifically, the morality frame establishes that
      we have a moral obligation to respect human dignity. Second, the narrative
      explains how immigration contributes to our shared prosperity—whether by
      expanding the tax base or attracting talent to important industries—and
      helps people see the need for immigration reform. Finally, the narrative
      offers specific solutions to fix the system’s current deficits, nurtures
      belief in the possibility of change, and drives collective action to
      improve outcomes.

19. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Immigrants contribute to the strength, vitality, and dynamism of our
      communities, our economy, and our culture; America is also a sovereign
      nation whose government has the right and the duty to control our borders
      and decide who to admit. The best way to harmonize these two traditions is
      to overhaul our system to make legal immigration work and illegal
      immigration stop.

20. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      We believe in a universally well-educated population. To achieve this,
      California students must have access to world-class pre-K – 12 public
      education that will prepare them to live, work, and thrive in a
      multicultural, multilingual, and highly connected world. We must prepare
      our students for post-secondary education, career technical education, and
      active citizenship in the 21st century. We must fully fund public
      education to correct years of insufficient allocations, increase funding
      to put California in the top states in per student spending, and equitably
      distribute funding to school districts most in need.

21. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The Democratic Party believes that when workers are strong, America is
      strong. Democrats will make it easier for workers, public and private, to
      exercise their right to organize and join unions.

22. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The PRO Act restores fairness to the economy by strengthening the federal
      law that protects workers’ right to join a union and bargain for higher
      pay, better benefits, and safer workplaces.

23. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The labor movement and worker organizing have always played an essential
      role in forming and maintaining strong democracies. They empower working
      people to create multi-ethnic, multi-racial, just societies that work for
      the many, not the few. As a result, this is a moment in which labor can
      and must be a transformational actor in the fight for the future of
      democracy, which cannot exist without economic justice. Labor is uniquely
      situated to play such a role through its ability to mobilize across
      social, racial, and economic groups; model democratic norms; and confront
      entrenched power. The labor movement can and must find the pathways
      through which it can leverage these unique capacities to intervene at a
      time when democracy is under threat.

24. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      Emphasis on social and economic equality: Progressives believe that
      everyone deserves equal opportunities and treatment, regardless of their
      background or socioeconomic status. This means advocating for policies
      that reduce income inequality, promote affordable healthcare and
      education, and protect the rights of marginalized communities.

25. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      We define economically progressive politicians as candidates who champion
      economically progressive policies. We define progressive economic policies
      as governmental interventions on the free market that aim to reduce
      economic inequality, poverty, or increase opportunities for upward
      mobility.1 Progressive economic policies can be contrasted with
      conservative economic policies that protect the free market.

26. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      For many years, Democratic efforts to reduce inequality and lift
      middle-class wages were based on the theory that the key is to improve the
      skills of workers. … But a growing number of populist progressives have
      been arguing that inequality is not mainly about education levels. They
      argue that trying to lift wages by improving skills is an “evasion.” It’s
      “whistling past the graveyard.” The real problem, some of them say, is
      concentrated political power. The oligarchs have rigged the game so that
      workers get squeezed. … Or it’s about corporate power. Without stronger
      unions shareholders reap all the gains. … The implication? … Put
      redistribution first. … Unfortunately, this rising theory is wrong on
      substance and damaging in its effects.

27. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The House Republican reconciliation bill would give huge tax breaks to
      wealthy individuals, businesses, and large corporations while leaving
      behind or raising costs for millions of working families. Here are some of
      the impacts

28. POWINNO BYĆ regulated a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako market
      The Democratic Party is generally considered more willing to intervene in
      the economy, believing that government power is needed to regulate
      businesses that ignore social interests in the pursuit of earning a return
      for shareholders. This intervention can come in the form of regulation
      (such as limits on carbon emissions) or taxation to support social
      programs. Opponents often describe the Democratic approach to governing as
      tax and spend.

==================================================BŁĘDNE KLASYFIKACJE DLA OSI: government_role==================================================
Łącznie próbek: 95Poprawnych klasyfikacji: 53 (55.79%)Błędnych klasyfikacji: 42 (44.21%)Błędne klasyfikacje:

1. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The Republican Party is often referred to as the GOP. This abbreviation
      stands for Grand Old Party. Its logo is an elephant. The Republican Party
      is known to support right-leaning ideologies of conservatism, social
      conservatism, and economic libertarianism, among other -isms. Thus,
      Republicans broadly advocate for traditional values, a low degree of
      government interference, and large support of the private sector.

2. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      One main standpoint of the Republican Party platform is a strong focus on
      the family and individual freedom. Generally, the Republican Party
      therefore often tends to promote states’ and local rights. That means that
      they often wish for federal regulations to play a lesser role in
      policymaking. Furthermore, the GOP has a pro-business-oriented platform.
      Thus, the party advocates for businesses to exist in a free market instead
      of being impacted by tight government regulations.

3. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      As mentioned above, Republican members and candidates’ stances towards
      particular issues may vary. Overall, however, the party is a proponent of
      religious freedom. Moreover, the GOP is generally “pro-life”, thereby
      opposing the legal right to free abortion and instead emphasizing unborn
      fetuses’ right to live. Furthermore, the party is generally against
      introducing an extensive gun control legislation, and thus Republicans
      safeguard the right to bear arms as articulated in the Second Amendment of
      the U.S. constitution. Additionally, the party values a powerful national
      defense and a strong military in order to provide increased security and
      peace.

4. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republicans advocate reduced taxes as a means of stimulating the economy
      and advancing individual economic freedom, and they generally support
      conservative social policies. Republicans also tend to oppose extensive
      government regulation of the economy, government-funded social programs,
      and affirmative action. Regarding foreign policy, the Republican Party
      traditionally has supported a strong national defense and the aggressive
      pursuit of U.S. national security interests. Republicans also support
      states’ rights against the power of the federal government in most cases.

5. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      A majority of Republicans (65%) support police using military weapons and
      armored vehicles

6. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The platform of the Republican Party of the United States has historically
      been based on American conservatism, contrasting with the modern
      liberalism of the Democratic Party. The positions of the Republican Party
      have evolved over time. Until recently, the party's fiscal conservatism
      included support for lower taxes, gun rights, government conservatism,
      free market capitalism, free trade, deregulation of corporations, and
      restrictions on labor unions. However, starting under the first presidency
      of Donald Trump and dramatically accelerating in the second presidency of
      Donald Trump, there has been a major realignment towards protectionism
      through the imposition of large-scale tariffs on the U.S. import of goods
      from countries around the world.

7. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The Republican Party in the Trump era remained a mostly pro-business party
      in its policies but its constituencies and rhetoric have tilted more
      working class and populist, with many Romney Republicans drifting into the
      Democratic coalition....much of corporate America has swung culturally
      into liberalism’s camp. That process was well underway a decade ago, but
      it’s been accelerated by anti-Trump backlash, the more left-leaning
      commitments of big business’s younger customers and (especially) younger
      employees, and the relative ease with which the radical-sounding language
      of identity politics can be assimilated to corporate management
      techniques. As a consequence, today’s G.O.P. is most clearly now the party
      of local capitalism — the small-business gentry, the family firms.... Much
      of the party elite wish to continue doing business with big business as
      before. But the party’s base regards corporate institutions — especially
      in Silicon Valley, but extending to more traditional capitalist powers —
      as cultural enemies, with too much consolidated power and too much
      interest in pressuring, censoring, and propagandizing against socially
      conservative views and policy

8. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The republican conception of political liberty aims to capture this
      insight as directly as possible. It defines freedom as a sort of
      structural independence—as the condition of not being subject to the
      arbitrary or uncontrolled power of a master.

9. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      For a republican constitution on Barnett’s account, the fundamental
      institutions of self-government are judicially-enforceable,
      liberty-protecting rights and institutional arrangements of executive and
      legislative power that aim to minimize rights violations and thereby
      preserve individual self-government.

10. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      It is good that our leaders recognize the importance of creating a healthy
      regulatory environment, but there is plenty more work to be done. Three
      central pillars support a coherent deregulatory strategy: transparency,
      presidential control, and substantive deregulation where permitted by law.
      Thus far, many of the new administration’s statements and actions accord
      with them.

11. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Conservative economics gives policymakers the tools to understand
      capitalism and harness its power for the benefit of American workers,
      their families and communities, and the national interest. It rejects the
      market fundamentalism of libertarians who see capitalism as nothing more
      than economic “freedom” and thus expect a policy agenda of tax cuts,
      deregulation, free trade, and union-busting to unleash the economy’s
      productive forces. It likewise rejects the instinctive hostility toward
      markets from progressives, who see government as the more effective
      mechanism for solving most problems.

12. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      By contrast, most Republicans prefer a limited role for government: 71% of
      Republicans and Republican leaners say that government is doing too many
      things better left to individuals and businesses, compared with 28% who
      say it should play a larger role. Eight-in-ten conservative Republicans
      say government is doing too many things better left to others. Views among
      moderate and liberal Republicans are more mixed: 58% say government is
      doing too many things, while 40% say it should do more to solve problems.

13. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The Republicans believe in Limited Government In other words, the
      Republicans belive in the rights of states, tax cuts and reduced
      government spending They are hostile to the expansion of environmental
      regulation (e.g. Trump signed an executive order rolling back Obama-era
      rules aimed at curbing climate change and had pledged to put an end to the
      'War on Coal') They do not believe in government intervention in
      healthcare (e.g. Bush vetoed the stem cell research bill and not a single
      Republican in the Senate voted in favour of Obama's healthcare reform)
      Reagan said Government is the problem

14. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The Republicans believe in Social Conservatism Republicans are pro-life
      (e.g. Trump said he would defund planned parenthood because they help
      provide abortion) and believe in traditional family values. Republicans
      are also unsympathetic to alternatives (e.g. Congressional Republicans
      unsuccessfully tried to bring about an amendment banning same-sex
      marriage), promote gun laws, and believe in strong law and order

15. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Believe in privatisation and limited government Commonly associated with
      Newt Gingrich and his Contract with America (i.e. the 10 point legislative
      programme that called for a balanced budget) Hostile to unions and believe
      in low taxation Wary of federal spending and how it spiraled out of
      control during Bush's Presidency and does not believe the federal
      government is a positive force

16. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      For individual liberty to be championed, government must be reduced. We
      believe, as our founders did, that legitimate government operates only by
      the consent of the governed, and is more efficient and less corrupt when
      it is limited in its size and scope. When applied as written, our
      incomparable Constitution provides important safeguards against government
      encroachment, a vital separation of powers, and a necessary system of
      checks and balances. Federalism, decentralized authority, and the
      elimination of unnecessary regulations and bureaucracy help ensure that
      government serves the people, and not the other way around. The best
      protection against government largesse is an engaged and informed
      electorate.

17. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The Republicans advocate reduced taxes as a means of stimulating the
      economy and advancing individual economic freedom. They tend to oppose
      extensive government regulation of the economy, government-funded social
      programs, affirmative action, and policies aimed at strengthening the
      rights of workers. Many Republicans, though not all, favor increased
      government regulation of the private, noneconomic lives of citizens in
      some areas, such as abortion, though most Republicans also strongly oppose
      gun-control legislation.

18. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republicans are more likely than Democrats to support organized prayer in
      public schools and to oppose the legal recognition of equal rights for
      gays and lesbians (see gay rights movement). Regarding foreign policy, the
      Republican Party traditionally has supported a strong national defense and
      the aggressive pursuit of U.S. national security interests, even when it
      entails acting unilaterally or in opposition to the views of the
      international community.

19. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      There is aview among American political analysts that Republicans tend to
      favor the laws that block laws likely to place limits on gun ownership

20. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The Republican Party’s 2024 platform makes little mention of gun rights or
      the Second Amendment beyond saying that the party would protect “THE RIGHT
      TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS.” Despite that, the issue remains central to the
      upcoming elections, and many Republican politicians continue to campaign
      heavily on it.

21. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The first obligation of the federal government is to provide for the
      “common defense” of the United States by securing our borders and
      protecting our homeland and our strategic interests abroad. We are not
      “the world’s police force,” but because America serves in a natural role
      of moral leadership in an increasingly dangerous world, and weakness
      invites aggression, we must remain the strongest military power on
      earth—fully prepared and capable of defeating any adversaries, tyrants or
      terrorists, under any circumstances, at any time. This requires
      maintaining sufficient investments in our air, land, sea, nuclear, and
      cyber capabilities to deter foreign aggression, and properly training,
      equipping, and supporting our troops and their families, as well as our
      veterans and wounded warriors.

22. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Government often stands as the greatest obstacle to the progress and
      prosperity of free people. Free markets and free trade agreements allow
      for innovation, improvement and economic expansion as risk-takers,
      entrepreneurs and business owners are given the liberty to pursue the
      American dream and create more jobs and upward mobility for more people.
      We believe competition should be encouraged, and government intervention
      and regulation should be limited. The people are better qualified to make
      decisions about their own lives and finances than bureaucrats, and the
      private sector will outperform the public sector in virtually every
      scenario. The free enterprise system rewards hard work and self-sacrifice,
      and is the basis and genius of the American economy.

23. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Today’s Republican party, while still claiming to stand for limited
      government, is practicing just the opposite: government intrusion
      everywhere.Republican lawmakers are banning masks in schools. Iowa,
      Tennessee, Utah, Texas, Florida, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Arizona and South
      Carolina are prohibiting public schools from requiring students wear them.
      Republican states are on the way to outlawing abortions. Texas has just
      banned abortions after six weeks of pregnancy, before many women even know
      they’re pregnant. Other Republican states are on the way to enacting
      similar measures.

24. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      If we don't have a Border, we don't have a Country. Restoring sensible
      Border Security and Immigration Policy requires many steps, all of which
      would have been and indeed were taken for granted by prior Generations as
      obviously necessary and good.

25. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republicans traditionally have believed in facing the facts as they are
      and leading in the world because our belief in freedom and justice
      deserved respect based on how we acted. This has included proper
      alliances, forging common ground and moral, principled leadership.

26. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republican Sen. Ed Setzler of Acworth said Georgia needs its own religious
      protection bill because the federal law doesn’t protect against attacks on
      religion by state and local governments. That means a local government
      might deny things like permission to distribute religious literature or a
      zoning permit for a church without giving enough deference to religious
      freedom, supporters say.

27. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Religiously affiliated institutions broadly. A wide range of religiously
      affiliated institutions have asserted that they have a legal and even
      constitutional right to be exempted from government requirements, even
      those designed to prevent discrimination. Those claims have not been
      limited to decisions in hiring ministers and others with clearly religious
      duties. Rather, institutions have often demanded that they be allowed to
      discriminate on religious grounds even when hiring staff to fulfill
      government grants. Moreover, institutions have insisted that they be
      allowed to discriminate against LGBTQ individuals in regard to employment;
      to ignore same-sex marriages in providing employee benefits; to fire
      employees who have used abortion care, contraceptives or assisted
      reproductive technology, or who have had sex or become pregnant outside of
      marriage; or even to ignore federal law preventing discrimination on the
      basis of disability.

28. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Most importantly, policies must respect religious beliefs without harming
      or infringing on the rights of others. Through options like the examples
      below, policymakers can create the framework for a balanced, inclusive
      vision of religious liberty throughout the United States.

29. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The party opposes a government-run single-payer health care system,
      claiming it constitutes socialized medicine. It favors a personal or
      employer-based system of insurance supplemented by Medicare for the
      elderly and Medicaid which covers approximately 40% of the poor.[citation
      needed][19][failed verification] In 2003, Congress passed the Medicare
      Modernization Act with bipartisan support creating Medicare Part D
      covering prescription drugs. It was signed into law by President George W.
      Bush.

30. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Looking ahead, the Trump administration and GOP are in a position to
      accelerate their health agenda with four key themes:, Flexibility and
      choice: Shift decision making on healthcare from federal level to states
      and individuals, Fiscal conservatism: Emphasize policies that reduce
      government spending in an effort to balance the budget and pass upcoming
      tax legislation, Public health reform: Revaluate the current health system
      to “Make America Healthy Again”, Deregulation: Reduce the volume of
      existing federal regulations

31. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      The Republican platform, as of to date, is officially opposed to same-sex
      marriage and other LGBT issues.[99][100] Groups advocating for LGBT issues
      inside the party include the Log Cabin Republicans, Young Conservatives
      for the Freedom to Marry, and College Republicans. In the aftermath of the
      U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges that ended bans on
      same-sex marriage nationwide, the Republican Party is divided as to
      whether to accept the ruling or to fight it by measures such as a possible
      amendment to the Constitution. Individuals such as 2016 presidential
      candidates Ted Cruz and Scott Walker have supported an amendment to
      re-expand government and re-ban same-sex marriages, while other Republican
      figures such as Jeb Bush (also a 2016 presidential candidate) have
      disagreed.[101] The 2016 platform, however, condemned the Supreme Court's
      ruling and defined marriage as natural marriage, the union of one man and
      one woman

32. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Building the wall has long been one of Trump’s signature promises, but its
      impacts beyond political symbolism are unclear. Illegal border crossings
      have plunged since Trump took office in January amid a string of orders on
      immigration, including the suspension of the asylum system. Simply ending
      asylum meant tens of thousands of people who would’ve surrendered to law
      enforcement instead of trying to avoid capture didn’t even attempt to
      cross. Plus, the effectiveness of border walls is hotly debated, even in
      populated areas where barriers tend to be heavily reinforced. Human
      smugglers, often linked to drug cartels, have used tunnels, ladders and
      power tools to cross walls.

33. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      House Republicans are proposing legislation that would reduce federal
      taxes by $3.8 trillion over 10 years, with a disproportionate share of tax
      breaks going to the wealthy. The legislation would partially offset that
      revenue loss with reduced spending of $1.1 trillion over 10 years—$1.5
      trillion in spending cuts that include deep and harmful cuts to nutrition
      assistance and health care for low-income households,

34. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republicans are prioritizing the American people over the Democrat’s
      radical climate agenda. On his first day in office, President Biden
      started the war on American energy. He has revoked the permit for the
      Keystone XL pipeline, imposed a moratorium on oil production on federal
      lands, directed agencies across the Federal government to impose punitive
      and burdensome regulations, and made us more reliant on China.
      Predictably, gas prices skyrocketed to the highest levels in American
      history. People are counting on us to improve their quality of life. H.R.
      1 delivers on that promise and will ensure America continues to lead the
      world at reducing emissions. I commend the passing of this package, which
      will boost energy production, lift regulatory burdens for the construction
      of more energy infrastructure, cut China out of our critical materials
      supply chains, and lower costs across the board. H.R. 1 is how we build a
      better and more secure future for all Americans.

35. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republicans often frame energy policy within the context of national
      security, emphasizing the need for a resilient and independent energy
      system. Hydropower’s ability to provide baseload power and enhance grid
      stability aligns with these goals. Moreover, its role in managing water
      resources, such as flood control, irrigation, and navigation, adds another
      layer of strategic importance.

36. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Two trends make domestic production an urgent priority. The first is the
      high cost of energy, which is burdening all of us. In the last four years,
      gasoline, electricity, and natural gas prices have risen by nearly a
      third. Removing restrictions on our energy companies can bring down these
      ballooning costs

37. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republican politicians are generally considered business-friendly and in
      favor of limited government regulation of the economy. This means favoring
      policies that put business interests ahead of environmental concerns,
      labor union interests, healthcare benefits, and retirement benefits. Given
      this more pro-business bias, Republicans tend to receive more support from
      business owners and investment capitalists.

38. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Modern Conservative Economic Policies are deeply rooted in the principles
      of free-market capitalism, which emphasizes minimal government
      intervention in the economy. By advocating for tax cuts and deregulation,
      these policies aim to empower individuals and businesses to operate freely
      without burdensome regulations. This approach is believed to encourage
      competition and innovation, leading to a more dynamic economy where
      resources are allocated efficiently based on market demands.

39. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Republican Party has historically been more supportive of policies that
      benefit my business. They tend to advocate for lower taxes, less
      regulation, and more pro-business incentives. Policies like tax cuts for
      small businesses, simplified tax codes, and deregulation make it easier to
      reinvest in my company and hire employees

40. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Deregulation is the reduction or elimination of government oversight of an
      industry. Proponents of deregulation argue that deregulation creates more
      competition and spurs economic growth. Opponents assert that deregulation
      risks grave harm to consumers, workers, and the environment. The struggle
      between proponents of regulation and those of government nonintervention
      has shifted market conditions. Some of the sectors that have been
      deregulated in the United States include trucking, railroads, and
      airlines. The financial services industry has been regulated, deregulated,
      and re-regulated over the years as events warranted.

41. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      Substantively, the most important part of the Republican education
      platform might be its support for universal school choice. In about a
      dozen states, Republicans have recently created or expanded education
      savings account (ESA) programs that make public funds available to pay for
      private school or other educational expenses. Critics of these
      programs—myself included—argue that they violate our basic traditions,
      benefit the wealthy at the expense of others, and are not well supported
      by research.

42. POWINNO BYĆ weak a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako strong
      A shared “America first” ethos made Republicans wary of liberal
      internationalism and reluctant to concede any autonomy on foreign or
      economic affairs

==================================================BŁĘDNE KLASYFIKACJE DLA OSI: social_policy==================================================
Łącznie próbek: 88Poprawnych klasyfikacji: 52 (59.09%)Błędnych klasyfikacji: 36 (40.91%)Błędne klasyfikacje:

1. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Furthermore, Democrats to some degree support government-funded healthcare
      and the party thereby aims to ensure that health and social services are
      accessible for all U.S. citizens. Additionally, the Democratic Party
      generally supports women’s legal rights to free abortion as well as LGBTQ+
      people’s rights to equal treatment under the law. In opposition to
      Republicans a large part of the Democratic Party promotes a tightening of
      gun legislation and dispute the right to carry a concealed weapon (as
      opposed to open carry). Similar to the Republican Party, Democrats
      advocate for religious freedom and individuals’ right to practice their
      faith. However, at the same time, and generally more so than Republicans,
      Democrats value a separation between church and state, as is stated in the
      U.S. constitution

2. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Simply put, it is too hard to raise young children in America today while
      also working. Improving support for working families with young children
      is at the forefront of our national conversation. Most parents are in the
      labor force; however, workplaces and government policies have not caught
      up to help support working families in today’s environment. The need for
      consensus solutions is more relevant now than ever with historically high
      levels of polarization and divided government following the 2022 midterms.

3. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      We believe that no matter where we come from or what our color, most of us
      want the same things. We want to earn enough to thrive, not just survive,
      and leave a better future for our kids. We want healthy food and clean
      water, safe neighborhoods and a safe world. We want to be free.

4. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      As a whole, Democrats are widely concerned about climate change and
      closely follow science to remain informed about the ongoing development of
      global warming – especially as the IPCC issued in their most recent report
      that much of climate change has been aggravated by excessive human
      activity – such as mass production and increased levels of use in
      unsustainable transportation. In fact, addressing climate change is a
      pivotal topic in many agendas for those who identify with the Democratic
      party. This is because Democrats hold tight to the belief that climate
      change presents a threat to society, the economy, and the future health of
      Americans.

5. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      An ambitious climate plan means electability. We will achieve the
      renewable transition science demands by empowering frontline communities.
      This platform meets the benchmarks we need to surmount climate crisis. It
      will also help mobilize the critical mass of the electorate, that, in this
      historic moment, is committed to justice in all of its forms. Unlike
      Trump, the Democratic Party leads by representing the national interest.
      This courageous platform does just that, earning the Democratic Party the
      mantle of united action

6. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Building a 100 percent clean energy economy requires clear goals to guide
      its critical decisions. The Biden administration is the first to embrace
      the goal of reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by midcentury in
      order to stabilize global temperatures at 1.5 degrees Celsius of warming.*
      That means that the Biden administration’s interim target—cutting U.S.
      carbon pollution to half of peak levels by 2030—requires reducing annual
      carbon pollution nearly four times faster than the Obama administration’s
      interim target did.** Ambitious policy goals drive ambitious policy
      change.

7. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Democrats, which is the political party developed during Andrew Jackson’s
      presidency, is known for being accepting and open-minded while placing a
      strong emphasis on providing equal opportunities for all Americans despite
      their race, sexuality, religion, or national origin. Democrats are often
      looking to protect immigrants in the U.S. and will be supportive of
      pro-choice, and as a result – Democrats often lead in creating
      government-funded social programs that will seek to help these minorities.
      In short, Democrats look to create equality and implement socialist values
      where they see fit in order to achieve their key value of equal rights and
      opportunities for all

8. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Among all registered voters, climate change is 19th out of 28 issues this
      year. But when you break it down by political party and ideology, you see
      that among liberal Democrats—the base of the Democratic Party—climate
      change is number four. It’s been as high as number two in recent years.
      That’s unprecedented in American history and goes a long way to helping us
      understand why some progress has happened

9. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Our bill would give all Americans access to Medicare, one of the most
      popular and successful health care delivery programs in history,”
      Representative Beyer said in a statement. “Allowing employers and the
      general public the option to choose Medicare would fill many of the gaps
      in our health care system, get more people covered, and make the nation
      healthier. Every American should be able to access affordable, quality
      health care, and this bill represents the kind of bold action required to
      make that a reality for all.

10. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      New Democrats are committed to advancing real solutions that reduce health
      care costs for families and seniors, increase choices for consumers, and
      encourage participation by the young and healthy. To stabilize health
      insurance markets and bring down the cost of healthcare for all Americans,
      New Dems believe we must create a permanent reinsurance program, reduce
      healthcare costs for low-income Americans, promote greater insurance
      coverage, create a greater number of affordable insurance options, and
      improve the marketplaces. New Democrats have sought ways to work with
      Republicans for years to fix what is not working and strengthen the ACA,
      but Republican actions continue to raise questions about their commitment
      to join these efforts.

11. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      DFLA is committed to expanding access to health care. Our members take a
      variety of positions on how to do this. Some support a single-payer model,
      while others advocate for an expansion of Obamacare. Since we are not
      policy experts, we do not take a specific position on most health
      care-related legislation, but we support efforts to advance access. As
      Whole Life advocates, we believe that good healthcare is a critical Whole
      Life issue. The United States, for its prosperity, has a disturbingly low
      life expectancy, with many Americans struggling to pay hospital bills or
      afford essential medication. We are proud of pro-life Democrat Governor
      John Bel Edward’s landmark expansion of Medicaid in the state of
      Louisiana: the only state in the Deep South to do so. Healthcare for
      pregnant women In particular, we support efforts to provide healthcare to
      women and families, which can reduce the pressure associating with
      carrying a child to term. In a world where abortion is illegal, pre-natal,
      and post-natal healthcare for women is absolutely critical.

12. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      As we enter into a new era of politics, Democratic pro-choice women at all
      levels of the ballot will continue to be the leaders we need to protect
      our fundamental freedoms. Looking at history, women are consistently
      involved in the fight for progress in this country. But because of the
      work of EMILYs List over the past 40 years, women at all levels of
      government are now at the center, leading the most critical fights ahead
      of us.

13. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Women deserve quality, affordable health care, and to have control over
      their own bodies. All people deserve access to affordable and
      comprehensive health care, as well as the dignity, autonomy, and economic
      security to make the health care decisions that are best for them. Thanks
      to the Affordable Care Act (ACA), more women and their families have
      insurance coverage to get the care they need.

14. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      This strategy moves public thinking toward support for progressive
      immigration reform by explaining why this issue is economically beneficial
      to everyone, how it works, and what we can do about it as a country. The
      full “shared prosperity” narrative first uses a moral argument to help
      people see immigrants as regular, hardworking people, and explain why
      reform is so important. Specifically, the morality frame establishes that
      we have a moral obligation to respect human dignity. Second, the narrative
      explains how immigration contributes to our shared prosperity—whether by
      expanding the tax base or attracting talent to important industries—and
      helps people see the need for immigration reform. Finally, the narrative
      offers specific solutions to fix the system’s current deficits, nurtures
      belief in the possibility of change, and drives collective action to
      improve outcomes.

15. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Large proportions of Democrats support policies aimed at improving and
      expanding the ability of immigrants to legally enter the United States and
      to stay here if they already live in the country. This is as true for
      immigrants who currently lack legal status (80%) as for those who
      currently hold a valid visa (79%). Democrats also strongly support
      creating a pathway for immigrants currently in the country illegally to
      acquire US citizenship (85%), a core element of various immigration reform
      efforts over the past 15 years.

16. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      Half of both liberal (46%) and moderate (52%) Democrats support
      maintaining current levels of legal immigration. But liberals tend to
      endorse increasing legal immigration (44%) over decreasing it (9%), while
      moderates are slightly more likely to say it should be decreased (27%)
      than increased (20%). Majorities from both Democratic camps favor
      accepting migrants from Taiwan, Ukraine, Haiti, Central America, India,
      and Korea. Majorities of liberal Democrats also favor accepting immigrants
      from Sudan, Afghanistan, Russia, and China; moderates are at best divided
      and often opposed.

17. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      We believe in a universally well-educated population. To achieve this,
      California students must have access to world-class pre-K – 12 public
      education that will prepare them to live, work, and thrive in a
      multicultural, multilingual, and highly connected world. We must prepare
      our students for post-secondary education, career technical education, and
      active citizenship in the 21st century. We must fully fund public
      education to correct years of insufficient allocations, increase funding
      to put California in the top states in per student spending, and equitably
      distribute funding to school districts most in need.

18. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      In 2022, under the leadership of Congressional Democrats and President
      Biden, our nation took significant steps forward in our fight to protect
      our children and communities. Now, House Democrats remain committed to
      getting additional gun safety legislation across the finish line. To all
      those in the Congress who would stand in the way of saving lives, we say:
      your political survival is nothing compared to the survival of our
      children. Democrats will continue fighting to bring this gun epidemic to
      an end, and as we always promise the survivors of gun violence, we will
      not rest until the job is done.

19. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      The labor movement and worker organizing have always played an essential
      role in forming and maintaining strong democracies. They empower working
      people to create multi-ethnic, multi-racial, just societies that work for
      the many, not the few. As a result, this is a moment in which labor can
      and must be a transformational actor in the fight for the future of
      democracy, which cannot exist without economic justice. Labor is uniquely
      situated to play such a role through its ability to mobilize across
      social, racial, and economic groups; model democratic norms; and confront
      entrenched power. The labor movement can and must find the pathways
      through which it can leverage these unique capacities to intervene at a
      time when democracy is under threat.

20. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      For many years, Democratic efforts to reduce inequality and lift
      middle-class wages were based on the theory that the key is to improve the
      skills of workers. … But a growing number of populist progressives have
      been arguing that inequality is not mainly about education levels. They
      argue that trying to lift wages by improving skills is an “evasion.” It’s
      “whistling past the graveyard.” The real problem, some of them say, is
      concentrated political power. The oligarchs have rigged the game so that
      workers get squeezed. … Or it’s about corporate power. Without stronger
      unions shareholders reap all the gains. … The implication? … Put
      redistribution first. … Unfortunately, this rising theory is wrong on
      substance and damaging in its effects.

21. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      The Republican Party is often referred to as the GOP. This abbreviation
      stands for Grand Old Party. Its logo is an elephant. The Republican Party
      is known to support right-leaning ideologies of conservatism, social
      conservatism, and economic libertarianism, among other -isms. Thus,
      Republicans broadly advocate for traditional values, a low degree of
      government interference, and large support of the private sector.

22. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      A majority of Republicans (65%) support police using military weapons and
      armored vehicles

23. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      The republican conception of political liberty aims to capture this
      insight as directly as possible. It defines freedom as a sort of
      structural independence—as the condition of not being subject to the
      arbitrary or uncontrolled power of a master.

24. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      For a republican constitution on Barnett’s account, the fundamental
      institutions of self-government are judicially-enforceable,
      liberty-protecting rights and institutional arrangements of executive and
      legislative power that aim to minimize rights violations and thereby
      preserve individual self-government.

25. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      There is aview among American political analysts that Republicans tend to
      favor the laws that block laws likely to place limits on gun ownership

26. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      The Republican Party’s 2024 platform makes little mention of gun rights or
      the Second Amendment beyond saying that the party would protect “THE RIGHT
      TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS.” Despite that, the issue remains central to the
      upcoming elections, and many Republican politicians continue to campaign
      heavily on it.

27. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      If we don't have a Border, we don't have a Country. Restoring sensible
      Border Security and Immigration Policy requires many steps, all of which
      would have been and indeed were taken for granted by prior Generations as
      obviously necessary and good.

28. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      Most importantly, policies must respect religious beliefs without harming
      or infringing on the rights of others. Through options like the examples
      below, policymakers can create the framework for a balanced, inclusive
      vision of religious liberty throughout the United States.

29. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      Collectively, these provisions reflect a Republican strategy focused on
      limiting federal health spending, enforcing eligibility requirements and
      shifting coverage options toward market-based solutions.

30. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      Looking ahead, the Trump administration and GOP are in a position to
      accelerate their health agenda with four key themes:, Flexibility and
      choice: Shift decision making on healthcare from federal level to states
      and individuals, Fiscal conservatism: Emphasize policies that reduce
      government spending in an effort to balance the budget and pass upcoming
      tax legislation, Public health reform: Revaluate the current health system
      to “Make America Healthy Again”, Deregulation: Reduce the volume of
      existing federal regulations

31. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      The party favors limited legal immigration but strongly opposes illegal
      immigration and favors the deportation of those without permanent legal
      status, such as undocumented immigrants and those with temporary protected
      status.

32. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      Conservative Republicans are the most likely to express strong support for
      more restrictive immigration goals such as increased border security and
      increased deportations, even when compared with others in their party

33. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      House Republicans are proposing legislation that would reduce federal
      taxes by $3.8 trillion over 10 years, with a disproportionate share of tax
      breaks going to the wealthy. The legislation would partially offset that
      revenue loss with reduced spending of $1.1 trillion over 10 years—$1.5
      trillion in spending cuts that include deep and harmful cuts to nutrition
      assistance and health care for low-income households,

34. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      Two trends make domestic production an urgent priority. The first is the
      high cost of energy, which is burdening all of us. In the last four years,
      gasoline, electricity, and natural gas prices have risen by nearly a
      third. Removing restrictions on our energy companies can bring down these
      ballooning costs

35. POWINNO BYĆ progressive a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako traditional
      The Democratic Party is generally considered more willing to intervene in
      the economy, believing that government power is needed to regulate
      businesses that ignore social interests in the pursuit of earning a return
      for shareholders. This intervention can come in the form of regulation
      (such as limits on carbon emissions) or taxation to support social
      programs. Opponents often describe the Democratic approach to governing as
      tax and spend.

36. POWINNO BYĆ traditional a jest ZAKWALIFIKOWANY  jako progressive
      A shared “America first” ethos made Republicans wary of liberal
      internationalism and reluctant to concede any autonomy on foreign or
      economic affairs
